add intro (#1928)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/book/introduction/_index.md

+++
title = "Introduction"
template = "docs.html"
insert_anchor_links = "right"
[extra]
weight = 12
status = 'hidden'
+++

## How to read this guide

> While this guide is not designed to be read in sequence, it is still recommended to do so. This book gives a surface level overview first with very simple examples and then explores Rust's type system magic. Astute readers may skip to more interesting chapters.

Reviewer: Hmm, I'm a bit nervous about focusing on the type system magic: while interesting, I don't think it's relevant to most readers.

Author: Yeah, this is mostly a placeholder as I want to delve how add_systems and registering works under the hood.

Author: To explain the architecture it is quite surprising that there are no real macros involved. This follows from the IntoSystemConfig impls which the type checker automatically deduces. Other frameworks, like actix, usually annotate the "system" functions with macros. It's not the case with Bevy, which is quite surprising, and elegant.

> It is recommended to read atleast the ECS chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to read at least the ECS chapter.
```
